Discussion Board of Lecture 2

1. What is the general pattern of project report? Which of these parts are the most important ones? Why?

The general pattern is as such:
	- Title Page
		- Title
		- Author(s), Organization
		- Abstract
	- Introduction
	- Body
	- Conclusion
	- Acknowledgements
	- References

It would seem clear that the body would be the most important part as it is the largest. This is incorrect as the conclusion or the abstract are actually the two most important (going in order of significance). This is because a well written conclusion should be able to explain the method, expected and actual results, allowing the reader to dive into the paper to clarify any conclusion. The same can be said about the abstract, though this may be more constricted. 



2. Do you always send an email for communications? Or you sometimes are using a different way of communicating? Why? 

For most professional communication, email is my preferred method. This is due to the lack of time coordination, clear written communication, and asynchronous nature of emails. This usually is useful for asking for professional advice, clarifying a topic, asking for a letter of recommendation, and generally reaching out professionally. 
At other moments in time, it is better to use other forms of communication. This includes times where talking is more convincing, or where physical help is needed. At other times, unstructured and informal conversations call for the use of texting. And yet at other moments, it is good to use voice or video calls, whether it be for gaming, tutoring, or just seeing loved ones from afar. 









1. What is the general pattern of project report? Which of these parts are the most important ones? Why?



The general pattern is as such:
Title Page
Title
Author(s), Organization
Abstract
Introduction
Body
Conclusion
Acknowledgments
References
It would seem clear that the body would be the most important part as it is the largest. This is incorrect as the conclusion of the abstract is actually the two most important (going in order of significance). This is because a well-written conclusion should be able to explain the method, expected, and actual results, allowing the reader to dive into the paper to clarify any conclusion. The same can be said about the abstract, though this may be more constricted. 






2. Do you always send an email for communications? Or you sometimes are using a different way of communicating? Why? 



For most professional communication, email is my preferred method. This is due to the lack of time coordination, clear written communication, and the asynchronous nature of emails. This is usually useful for asking for professional advice, clarifying a topic, asking for a letter of recommendation, and generally reaching out professionally. 
At other moments in time, it is better to use other forms of communication. This includes times when talking is more convincing, or where physical help is needed. At other times, unstructured and informal conversations call for the use of texting. And yet at other moments, it is good to use voice or video calls, whether it be for gaming, tutoring, or just seeing loved ones from afar. 