Give an example of a horizontal gene transfer event that has occurred in a specific bacteria. Discuss the type of gene transfer method involved, how does this mechanism work, and the consequence to the bacteria/host.

Transformation of the bacteria Bacillus subtilis is a great example of horizontal gene transfer. Transformation is one of the three possible horizontal gene transfer methods. In this method, DNA is taken into the bacteria from the environment. The reason that Bacillus subtilis is a great example of transformation is that "genome editing of B. subtilis often needs the construction of integration vectors in Escherichia coli, linearizing the constructed plasmids, and subsequent transformation of the linear deoxyribonucleic acid via natural competence or electroporation". Essentially, B. subtilis is very naturally in need of transformation as its cellular development and cellular processes are reliant on the genes presented by the environment, usually through plasmids or linear DNA. The process of transformation is not specific to this bacteria as it is common among most. The donor bacteria (typically E. coli or other DNA-mutable bacteria) releases a portion of their DNA. This can happen upon a variety of events, either through lysing, death, or just natural expulsion. The host bacteria (B. subtilis in this case) accepts the linear DNA, usually by allowing it to cross the cell membrane under correct conditions. Finally, the DNA is duplicated, transcribed, and translated. Consequences of such a mechanism include increased resistance to toxic chemicals, such as those given in plasmids against antibiotics, or the development of other beneficial cellular components. Common uses for this today include experimentation on transformation protocols, which include "fast generation of mutant libraries and directed evolution". This is further used for "synthetic biology and metabolic engineering", vital for experimental combat against modern-day pathogens.



https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC6999309/

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC7376258/