1. Discuss the correspondence between the ER model constructs and the relational model constructs. 



The Entity Relationship (ER) model allows us to get a conceptual overview of the database. We can see the entities, their attributes, and their relationships. The Enhanced Entity Relationship (EER) model adds the objected-oriented topics of super-classes and subclasses, alongside inheritance and union.

Converting these conceptual diagrams into relational models takes a more semantic approach. As relational models are composed of relations and attributes, the main focus is converting the entities and their respective relations and attributes into meaningful relations.







2. Show how each ER model construct can be mapped to the relational model. 



There are a variety of rules that summarize how mapping is meant to be. I will give a general overview with a few examples.



Entities become relations, with all of their respective attributes in the ER model becoming the attributes in the Relational model. Any primary key can be chosen (choose wisely!).

	Ex: Player will become a relation. The primary key will be Jersey_#, and the rest will become attributes



Since there are plenty of Binary 1:N relationships, they can become foreign keys (that's why we needed to choose good primary keys)

	Ex: The Prize Pool from the Leagues Entity will become a foreign key referencing Clubs (if they had an attribute that was money-based).



Relationships can become their own relations. They will have composite keys composed of their own attributes and the primary keys of what they are connecting.

	Ex: Transfer will become a relation with a composite key consisting of the Jersey # of the player (probably not good since they may change number), the Club name, and maybe even their salary.



Though this does not include all the niche portions, this begins a general overview of how an ER model can be translated into a relational model.

Edit to the image: The Transfer relationship is meant to have one attribute labeled "Transfer Date" and another labeled "Transfer Fee".

